RN 13.0.1 to PROD (#1446)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/v13.0.0.md

image: "img/release-note-link-preview.png"
---

_May 30th, 2024_

:::caution

> This version contains a bug in the Flow Manager Configurator that prevents saving when moving from lower Console versions if the Flow Manager design section is not opened. This bag has been solved in `v13.0.1`. For on-premise installations we recommend not to use this version. Please check the `v13.0.1` Release notes [here](/release-notes/v13.0.1.md).

Author: ```suggestion
This version contains a bug in the Flow Manager Configurator that prevents saving when moving from lower Console versions if the Flow Manager design section is not opened. This bug has been solved in `v13.0.1`. For on-premise installations we recommend not to use this version. Please check the `v13.0.1` Release notes [here](/release-notes/v13.0.1.md).
```

> This version contains a bug in the Flow Manager Configurator that prevents saving when moving from lower Console versions if the Flow Manager design section is not opened. This bug has been solved in `v13.0.1`. For on-premise installations we recommend not to use this version. Please check the `v13.0.1` Release notes [here](/release-notes/v13.0.1.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version is affected by a bug in the Flow Manager Configurator that prevents saving the configuration if this section is not opened during the session in the Design Area before saving. This bug occurs in case the Flow Manager Configurator has been already adopted in lower Console versions. This bug has been solved in `v13.0.1`. For on-premise installations we recommend not to use this version. Please check the `v13.0.1` Release notes [here](/release-notes/v13.0.1.md).
```
